# Postmortem
Overall, this was a really fun project that I enjoyed working on. No, really -- I did, this isn't just a generic answer! I've been a little worried in my past few programming classes because while I can meet requirements on homework and do what's desired, I always felt a little like I wasn't actually fully clicking with the material, and I always shot for around bare minimum. Working on this has got me to realize two things:
- I'm just a bare minimum kind of person on assignments specifically. It's not because I don't want my assignments to be super great, it's just that I juggle a lot of things and my attention span trickles in and out. But this assignment specifically, I genuinely did want to keep working on it to get it better, just to prove I could! It felt really, weirdly, self-indulgent working on this.
- But more importantly, that I had a LOT of fun working on these assignments. Starting from scratch, with very basic code, no fancy big things to pull from as libraries or lofty goals, just starting from scratch to make the game... it's been really satisfying and fun just getting all to slowly start coming together. Like working on clocks for a long time and then taking a break to work on just the gears.
I ultimately ended up not having a lot of time to make any monumental changes to the project that I would've liked, but I still just really enjoyed working on both this game and solitaire. Genuinely, these assignments have been some of the most fun I've had, just because it's fun to start with nothing, from scratch, and work it all back up!
Usually, work on these projects felt really rocky at the beginning. I would tend to move on from a part of the project if it wasn't working as intended, but if you do that too often and hop around too many pools you just end up drowning because nothing is working and you don't know where each problem lies. Getting better at conceptualizing what the framework and structuring of it all should look like is a skill I need to get better at.
Biggest triumph: Getting the locations to work felt like I was slowly uncovering a riddle and it felt really satisfying.
Biggest annoyance: Oh my god was making the grab code annoying for both projects. I don't even know why. It feels so simple and easy to get working in hindsight.